Welcome to the “Powerful by Faith!”
Convention of Jehovah’s Witnesses!
You’ll certainly be happy
that you made the effort to attend
all three days of this convention.
The expression “powerful by faith”
is drawn from the apostle Paul’s words
at Romans 4:20.
Why did the Governing Body choose faith
as the theme for this year’s convention?
Because we need strong faith
to deal successfully with our present trials
and with those we’ll face in the near future.
At Matthew 17:20,
Jesus assured his disciples:
“If you have faith
“the size of a mustard grain,
“you will say to this mountain,
“‘Move from here to there,’ and it will move,
and nothing will be impossible for you.”
Yes, faith enables us
to do things we could never imagine
doing on our own.
For Christians, faith is essential.
In fact, God commands us to have faith.
At 1 John 3:23, we read:
“Indeed, this is his commandment:
“that we have faith
“in the name of his Son Jesus Christ
“and love one another,
just as he gave us a commandment.”
And Hebrews 11:6 tells us:
“Without faith
“it is impossible to please God well,
“for whoever approaches God
“must believe that he is
“and that he becomes the rewarder
of those earnestly seeking him.”
Clearly, to receive Jehovah’s blessing
and gain the reward of everlasting life,
we need to build and maintain faith.
At Romans 1:17,
quoting the prophet Habakkuk, Paul wrote:
“The righteous one will live
by reason of faith.”
With these words, Paul emphasized
that Jehovah will reward
all who show real faith.
Based on our faith in Jesus’ ransom,
Jehovah forgives our sins
and grants us a righteous standing
with him even now.
And during Armageddon,
Jehovah will protect God’s people
and then give them the opportunity
to live forever in Paradise.
That’s what we want for all of you.
Most of us here today
already have a large measure of faith,
and as Paul wrote
at 2 Corinthians 1:24:
“It is by your faith that you are standing.”
Reports from around the globe
testify to your genuine faith
and the good that Jehovah is accomplishing
through you
because of your faith.
We feel as Paul expressed
at Colossians 1:3, 4:
“We always thank God,
“the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ,
“when we pray for you,
“since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus
and the love you have for all the holy ones.”
But constant pressure
from Satan and the demons,
the old world, and our own imperfections
can weaken and wear down our faith.
The purpose of this convention
is to strengthen that faith.
We’ll learn how to cultivate true faith,
how to exercise it in our daily lives,
and how to maintain it
during difficult times.
So please
pay close attention
to each part of the program.
As scriptures are read,
follow along in the Bible.
And may God’s Word empower you
to be a man, woman, or child of faith!